# APS DFD 2024
Collection of scripts and figures in preparation for the submission of an extended abstract for the 2024 APS DFD conference this coming November. These scripts describe the meanfield and Reynolds stress tensor generated from jet data provided by Gary Wu from nozzles designed by Georgia Tech. This data has not been included in this repo. These scripts analyze a volumetric point cloud, as opposed to my previous work with planar point clouds, but was just as easy to set up.

## Scripts
1. `readBox.m`: data processing script designed by Gary Wu to translate the `.pcd` and `.pbin` files generated by the LES solver into usable data for MATLAB.
2. `meanfield.m`: post-processing script used to calculate the meanfield of the given dataset, saves meanfield as a `.mat`
3. `reStress.m`: post-processing script using the output from `meanfield.m` to generate the Reynolds stress tensor (no normalization).
4. `plotMeans.m`: plots contours of the meanfield in chunks of 200 acoustic time units for determining the goodness of the data, as well as the meanfield across all timesteps for each variable (velocity(u,v,w), pressure, density).
5. `plotStress.m`: plots contours of each component of the stress tensor (no normalization), as well as line plots of all components of the stress tensor at different x-stations. Also includes plots tracking the calculation of the jet's half-width, just to ensure the goodness of the radius normalization.

## Data Representation
TODO: update this section!